README.md, before:

# Bash scripts

This is a collections of Bash scripts to support specific command-line
workflows. The scripts are developed, tested and used mostly on Linux.

## License

This software is distributed under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.

## List of scripts

- jump      - quickly jump to a directory
- kwstart   - quickly start a file or URL via keyword
- notes     - manage text notes
- onevim    - edit files using only one Vim instance
- par       - wrapper around xargs to allow easy execution of parallel jobs
- rem       - remember location of files for later use
- srename   - sequentially rename files
- start     - a file and URL starter/launcher
- zipdir    - archive contents of directories

## Installation

The installation procedure will overwrite files without asking, so be careful.

Choose an installation directory, say `/usr/local`, and modify the variable
`LIBDIR` in `head.sh` so that it points to `/usr/local/lib/bash`. 

The variable `CONFIGDIR`, also in `head.sh`, contains the directory where
config files are kept. The default `$HOME/.config/scripts` can be changed to
any other directory.

Now execute the included setup script:

    ./setup prepare
    sudo ./setup --prefix=/usr/local install

If you have chosen `$HOME` as your installation directory and
`$HOME/.config/scripts` as your config directory, then you don't have to edit
`head.sh`, just execute the setup script:

    ./setup install

Executable files are copied to the `bin` subdirectory, while libraries are
copied to the `lib/bash` subdirectory of the chosen installation directory.

## Configuration

By default, the scripts look for their config files in the directory specified
in the `CONFIGDIR` variable (see above). 

Examples of config files can be found in the `doc` directory.

## Usage

Each script has a `--help` switch, which will print a help message with a
summary of the purpose of the script, a usage statement, a more elaborate
description, a list of available commands and options, and some examples.

Commit message:

Remove includes for easier testing and installation

README.md, after:

# Bash scripts

This is a collections of Bash scripts to support specific command-line
workflows. The scripts are developed, tested and used mostly on Linux.

## License

This software is distributed under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.

## List of scripts

- jump      - quickly jump to a directory
- kwstart   - quickly start a file or URL via keyword
- notes     - manage text notes
- onevim    - edit files using only one Vim instance
- par       - wrapper around xargs to allow easy execution of parallel jobs
- rem       - remember location of files for later use
- srename   - sequentially rename files
- start     - a file and URL starter/launcher
- zipdir    - archive contents of directories

## Installation

Execute the following command:

    ./setup install

This will copy all scripts to `~/.local/bin`, and `common.sh` to `~/.local/lib/bash-scripts`.

The `--prefix` option can be used to change `~/.local` to something else:

    ./setup install --prefix=$HOME

## Configuration

By default, the scripts look for their config files in `~/.config/bash-scripts`.

Examples of config files can be found in the `doc` directory.

## Usage

Each script has a `--help` switch, which will print a help message with a
summary of the purpose of the script, a usage statement, a more elaborate
description, a list of available commands and options, and some examples.
